https://hackerone.com/tokenweb3              	-->	com.token.android
https://hackerone.com/tokenweb3              	-->	io.tokencard.app.android
https://hackerone.com/alohi                  	-->	plus.fax.android
https://hackerone.com/alohi                  	-->	plus.sign.android
https://hackerone.com/oanda                  	-->	com.oanda.fxtrade
https://hackerone.com/inmobi                 	-->	com.koral
https://hackerone.com/inmobi                 	-->	com.o1
https://hackerone.com/inmobi                 	-->	com.o1.dash101
https://hackerone.com/inmobi                 	-->	com.roposo.android
https://hackerone.com/gemini_trust_co_vdp    	-->	com.gemini.android.app
https://hackerone.com/epam                   	-->	com.epam.connect.android
https://hackerone.com/monzo                  	-->	co.uk.getmondo
https://hackerone.com/john-deere             	-->	com.deere.equipmentplus
https://hackerone.com/john-deere             	-->	com.deere.myoperations
https://hackerone.com/mtb                    	-->	com.mtb.mbanking.sc.retail.prod
https://hackerone.com/mtb                    	-->	com.mtb.mobilebanking.ncr
https://hackerone.com/mtb                    	-->	com.mts.webtrading
https://hackerone.com/lumiradx               	-->	com.lumiradx.connect
https://hackerone.com/lumiradx               	-->	com.lumiradxcaresolutions.engage
https://hackerone.com/costco                 	-->	com.costco.app.android
https://hackerone.com/who-covid-19-mobile-app	-->	org.who.WHOMyHealth
https://hackerone.com/nubank                 	-->	br.com.easynvest.rendafixa
https://hackerone.com/nubank                 	-->	com.nu.production
https://hackerone.com/zego                   	-->	com.tego
https://hackerone.com/zego                   	-->	com.zegocover.zego
https://hackerone.com/jimdo                  	-->	com.jimdo
https://hackerone.com/hudapp                 	-->	co.hud.app
https://hackerone.com/zivver                 	-->	com.zivver.app
https://hackerone.com/engel_volkers          	-->	com.engelvoelkers.propertysearch
https://hackerone.com/picsart                	-->	com.picsart.studio
https://hackerone.com/keybank                	-->	com.key.android
https://hackerone.com/keybank                	-->	com.key.community.tablet
https://hackerone.com/keybank                	-->	com.keycorp.kmf
https://hackerone.com/keybank                	-->	com.nclud.hellowallet
https://hackerone.com/orion_labs             	-->	com.onbeep.obiwan
https://hackerone.com/starling_bank          	-->	com.starlingbank.android
https://hackerone.com/capital-one            	-->	ca.capitalone.enterprisemobilebanking
https://hackerone.com/capital-one            	-->	com.capitalone.atwork
https://hackerone.com/capital-one            	-->	com.capitalone.credittracker
https://hackerone.com/capital-one            	-->	com.capitalone.intellix.mobile.prod
https://hackerone.com/capital-one            	-->	com.capitalone.tz
https://hackerone.com/capital-one            	-->	com.ie.capitalone.uk
https://hackerone.com/capital-one            	-->	com.konylabs.capitalone
https://hackerone.com/capital-one            	-->	com.ukcapitalone.creditWise
https://hackerone.com/ford                   	-->	com.ford.fordalexa
https://hackerone.com/ford                   	-->	com.ford.fordpass
https://hackerone.com/ford                   	-->	com.ford.fordplay
https://hackerone.com/ford                   	-->	com.ford.fordvr
https://hackerone.com/ford                   	-->	com.ford.mfm
https://hackerone.com/ford                   	-->	com.ford.performance.android.experience
https://hackerone.com/ford                   	-->	com.ford.remoteaccess
https://hackerone.com/ford                   	-->	com.ford.therightway
https://hackerone.com/ford                   	-->	com.lincoln.lincolnalexa
https://hackerone.com/ford                   	-->	com.lincoln.lincolnplay
https://hackerone.com/ford                   	-->	com.lincoln.lincolnway
https://hackerone.com/8x8                    	-->	org.jitsi.meet
https://hackerone.com/8x8                    	-->	org.vom8x8.sipua
https://hackerone.com/duckduckgo             	-->	com.duckduckgo.mobile.android
https://hackerone.com/adobe                  	-->	com.adobe.echosign
https://hackerone.com/adobe                  	-->	com.adobe.fas
https://hackerone.com/adobe                  	-->	com.adobe.lrmobile
https://hackerone.com/adobe                  	-->	com.adobe.reader
https://hackerone.com/adobe                  	-->	com.adobe.scan.android
https://hackerone.com/adobe                  	-->	com.workfront.android.aware
https://hackerone.com/yahoo                  	-->	com.yahoo.mobile.client.android.mail
https://hackerone.com/vimeo                  	-->	com.livestream.livestream
https://hackerone.com/vimeo                  	-->	com.magisto
https://hackerone.com/vimeo                  	-->	com.vimeo.android.videoapp
https://hackerone.com/vimeo                  	-->	com.vimeocreate.videoeditor.moviemaker
https://hackerone.com/linkedin               	-->	com.linkedin.android
https://hackerone.com/priceline              	-->	com.priceline.android.negotiator
https://hackerone.com/twitter                	-->	com.twitter.android
https://hackerone.com/basecamp               	-->	com.basecamp.bc3
https://hackerone.com/basecamp               	-->	com.basecamp.hey
https://hackerone.com/slack                  	-->	com.Slack
https://hackerone.com/tinder                 	-->	com.tinder
https://hackerone.com/coinbase               	-->	com.coinbase.android
https://hackerone.com/coinbase               	-->	com.coinbase.pro
https://hackerone.com/coinbase               	-->	com.coinbase.wallite
https://hackerone.com/coinbase               	-->	org.toshi
https://hackerone.com/automattic             	-->	com.tumblr
https://hackerone.com/irccloud               	-->	com.irccloud.android
https://hackerone.com/bitso                  	-->	com.bitso.alpha
https://hackerone.com/bitso                  	-->	com.bitso.wallet
https://hackerone.com/glassdoor              	-->	com.glassdoor.app
https://hackerone.com/zendesk                	-->	com.futuresimple.base
https://hackerone.com/zendesk                	-->	com.zendesk.android
https://hackerone.com/zendesk                	-->	com.zopim.android
https://hackerone.com/urbandictionary        	-->	com.urbandictionary.android
https://hackerone.com/harvest                	-->	com.harvestapp
https://hackerone.com/robinhood              	-->	com.robinhood.android
https://hackerone.com/blockchain             	-->	com.blockchain.exchange
https://hackerone.com/blockchain             	-->	piuk.blockchain.android
https://hackerone.com/dropbox                	-->	com.dropbox.android
https://hackerone.com/dropbox                	-->	com.dropbox.paper
https://hackerone.com/dropbox                	-->	com.dropbox.passwords_android
https://hackerone.com/snapchat               	-->	com.bitstrips.imoji
https://hackerone.com/snapchat               	-->	com.snapchat.android
https://hackerone.com/yelp                   	-->	com.yelp.android
https://hackerone.com/yelp                   	-->	com.yelp.android.biz
https://hackerone.com/dashlane               	-->	com.dashlane
https://hackerone.com/scopely                	-->	com.aqupepgames.projectpepe
https://hackerone.com/scopely                	-->	com.foxnextgames.m3
https://hackerone.com/scopely                	-->	com.gww.km
https://hackerone.com/scopely                	-->	com.pieyel.scrabble
https://hackerone.com/scopely                	-->	com.scopely.yux
https://hackerone.com/scopely                	-->	com.withbuddies.dice.free
https://hackerone.com/ui                     	-->	com.ubnt.discovery.app
https://hackerone.com/ui                     	-->	com.ubnt.easyunifi
https://hackerone.com/ui                     	-->	com.ubnt.ucrm
https://hackerone.com/ui                     	-->	com.ubnt.umobile
https://hackerone.com/pornhub                	-->	Pornhub_6.11.0-release.apk
https://hackerone.com/airbnb                 	-->	com.airbnb.android
https://hackerone.com/kayak                  	-->	com.kayak.android
https://hackerone.com/moneybird              	-->	com.moneybird.android
https://hackerone.com/grab                   	-->	com.grab.merchant
https://hackerone.com/grab                   	-->	com.grabpay.merchant
https://hackerone.com/grab                   	-->	com.grabtaxi.driver2
https://hackerone.com/grab                   	-->	com.grabtaxi.passenger
https://hackerone.com/goodrx                 	-->	com.goodrx
https://hackerone.com/paypal                 	-->	com.paypal.android.p2pmobile
https://hackerone.com/paypal                 	-->	com.paypal.here
https://hackerone.com/paypal                 	-->	com.paypal.merchant.client
https://hackerone.com/paypal                 	-->	com.venmo
https://hackerone.com/paypal                 	-->	com.xoom.android.app
https://hackerone.com/matomo                 	-->	org.piwik.mobile2
https://hackerone.com/starbucks              	-->	com.starbucks.br
https://hackerone.com/starbucks              	-->	com.starbucks.cn
https://hackerone.com/starbucks              	-->	com.starbucks.de
https://hackerone.com/starbucks              	-->	com.starbucks.fr
https://hackerone.com/starbucks              	-->	com.starbucks.jp
https://hackerone.com/starbucks              	-->	com.starbucks.mobilecard
https://hackerone.com/starbucks              	-->	com.starbucks.singapore
https://hackerone.com/spotify                	-->	com.soundtrap.studioapp
https://hackerone.com/spotify                	-->	com.spotify.kids
https://hackerone.com/spotify                	-->	com.spotify.lite
https://hackerone.com/spotify                	-->	com.spotify.music
https://hackerone.com/spotify                	-->	com.spotify.s4a
https://hackerone.com/spotify                	-->	com.spotify.tv.android
https://hackerone.com/spotify                	-->	com.spotify.zerotap
https://hackerone.com/spotify                	-->	fm.anchor.android
https://hackerone.com/spotify                	-->	io.bettylabs.disco
https://hackerone.com/binary                 	-->	com.binary.ticktrade
https://hackerone.com/zomato                 	-->	com.application.zomato
https://hackerone.com/zomato                 	-->	com.application.zomatomerchant
https://hackerone.com/wealthsimple           	-->	com.wealthsimple
https://hackerone.com/owncloud               	-->	com.owncloud.android
https://hackerone.com/quora                  	-->	com.quora.android
https://hackerone.com/hyatt                  	-->	com.Hyatt
https://hackerone.com/localtapiola           	-->	fi.lahitapiola.lemmikkihelppi
https://hackerone.com/localtapiola           	-->	fi.lahitapiola.mobile
https://hackerone.com/open-xchange           	-->	com.openexchange.drive.vanilla
https://hackerone.com/deliveroo              	-->	com.deliveroo.driverapp
https://hackerone.com/deliveroo              	-->	com.deliveroo.orderapp
https://hackerone.com/exness                 	-->	com.exness.android.pa
https://hackerone.com/exness                 	-->	com.exness.investments
https://hackerone.com/exness                 	-->	com.exness.investor
https://hackerone.com/nextcloud              	-->	com.nextcloud.client
https://hackerone.com/nextcloud              	-->	com.nextcloud.talk2
https://hackerone.com/line                   	-->	com.linecorp.linelite
https://hackerone.com/line                   	-->	jp.naver.line.android
https://hackerone.com/acronis                	-->	com.acronis.abc
https://hackerone.com/acronis                	-->	com.acronis.acronistrueimage
https://hackerone.com/kindred_group          	-->	com.unibet.casino
https://hackerone.com/kindred_group          	-->	com.unibet.unibetpro
https://hackerone.com/cornershop             	-->	cornershopapp.android
https://hackerone.com/brave                  	-->	com.brave.browser
https://hackerone.com/brave                  	-->	com.brave.browser_beta
https://hackerone.com/xiaomi                 	-->	com.android.browser
https://hackerone.com/xiaomi                 	-->	com.mi.global.shop
https://hackerone.com/xiaomi                 	-->	com.miui.cloudbackup
https://hackerone.com/xiaomi                 	-->	com.miui.cloudservice
https://hackerone.com/xiaomi                 	-->	com.miui.micloudsync
https://hackerone.com/xiaomi                 	-->	com.xiaomi.account
https://hackerone.com/xiaomi                 	-->	com.xiaomi.market
https://hackerone.com/xiaomi                 	-->	com.xiaomi.mibrain.speech
https://hackerone.com/xiaomi                 	-->	com.xiaomi.micloud.sdk
https://hackerone.com/xiaomi                 	-->	com.xiaomi.mipicks
https://hackerone.com/xiaomi                 	-->	com.xiaomi.payment
https://hackerone.com/xiaomi                 	-->	com.xiaomi.smarthome
https://hackerone.com/showmax                	-->	showmax.app
https://hackerone.com/lyst                   	-->	com.lyst.lystapp
https://hackerone.com/enjin                  	-->	com.enjin.mobile.wallet
https://hackerone.com/newrelic               	-->	com.newrelic.rpm
https://hackerone.com/nordsecurity           	-->	com.nordpass.android.app.password.manager
https://hackerone.com/nordsecurity           	-->	com.nordvpn.android
https://hackerone.com/nordsecurity           	-->	com.nordvpn.android
https://hackerone.com/shipt                  	-->	com.shipt.groceries
https://hackerone.com/shipt                  	-->	com.shipt.shopper
https://hackerone.com/cuvva                  	-->	co.cuvva.hourly
https://hackerone.com/bitwarden              	-->	com.x8bit.bitwarden
https://hackerone.com/omise                  	-->	co.omise.omise
https://hackerone.com/bumble                 	-->	com.badoo.mobile
https://hackerone.com/bumble                 	-->	com.badoo.twa
https://hackerone.com/bumble                 	-->	com.bumble.app
https://hackerone.com/bumble                 	-->	com.flashgap.fruitz
https://hackerone.com/yoti                   	-->	com.yoti.mobile.android.live
https://hackerone.com/delight_im             	-->	im.delight.letters
https://hackerone.com/grammarly              	-->	com.grammarly.android.keyboard
https://hackerone.com/epicgames              	-->	FortniteClient-Android-Shipping-arm64-es2.apk
https://hackerone.com/valve                  	-->	com.valvesoftware.Steam
https://hackerone.com/recargapay             	-->	com.recarga.recarga
https://hackerone.com/smule                  	-->	com.smule.autorap.*
https://hackerone.com/smule                  	-->	com.smule.magicpiano.*
https://hackerone.com/smule                  	-->	com.smule.singandroid.*
https://hackerone.com/lifeomic               	-->	com.lifeomic.lifeextend
https://hackerone.com/lifeomic               	-->	com.lifeomic.lifefasting
https://hackerone.com/bitmex                 	-->	com.bitmex.app.android
https://hackerone.com/flutteruki             	-->	com.betfair.exchange
https://hackerone.com/flutteruki             	-->	com.betfair.sportsbook
https://hackerone.com/flutteruki             	-->	com.paddypower.sportsbook.u.inhouse
https://hackerone.com/affirm                 	-->	com.affirm.central.audit
https://hackerone.com/crypto                 	-->	co.mona.android
https://hackerone.com/crypto                 	-->	com.defi.wallet
https://hackerone.com/zenly                  	-->	app.zenly.locator
https://hackerone.com/marriott               	-->	com.marriott
https://hackerone.com/logitech               	-->	com.logitech.circle
https://hackerone.com/logitech               	-->	com.logitech.logue
https://hackerone.com/logitech               	-->	com.logitech.ueboom
https://hackerone.com/logitech               	-->	com.streamlabs
https://hackerone.com/logitech               	-->	com.streamlabs.slobsrc
https://hackerone.com/flickr                 	-->	com.yahoo.mobile.client.android.flickr
https://hackerone.com/creditkarma            	-->	com.creditkarma.mobile
https://hackerone.com/urbancompany           	-->	com.urbanclap.provider
https://hackerone.com/urbancompany           	-->	com.urbanclap.urbanclap
https://hackerone.com/sweatco_ltd            	-->	in.sweatco.app
https://hackerone.com/fanduel                	-->	com.fanduel.android.self
https://hackerone.com/etoro_bbp              	-->	com.etoro.openbook
https://hackerone.com/etoro_bbp              	-->	com.etoro.wallet
https://hackerone.com/etoro_bbp              	-->	io.getdelta.android
https://hackerone.com/mattermost             	-->	com.mattermost.rn
https://hackerone.com/pillarproject          	-->	com.pillarproject.wallet
https://hackerone.com/instacart              	-->	com.instacart.client
https://hackerone.com/remitano               	-->	com.remitano.remitano
https://hackerone.com/reddit                 	-->	com.reddit.frontpage
https://hackerone.com/ridewithvia            	-->	com.ridewithvia.zuzu
https://hackerone.com/ridewithvia            	-->	via.rider
https://hackerone.com/smartsheet             	-->	com.smartsheet.android
https://hackerone.com/coda_bbp               	-->	io.coda.codaapp
https://hackerone.com/mailtime_technology_inc	-->	com.mailtime.android
https://hackerone.com/lark_technologies      	-->	com.larksuite.suite
https://hackerone.com/nuri                   	-->	com.bitwala.app
https://hackerone.com/uphabit                	-->	com.uphabit.android
https://hackerone.com/jnj_mobile             	-->	com.jnj.mocospace.android
https://hackerone.com/mobisystems_ltd        	-->	com.mobisystems.fileman
https://hackerone.com/mobisystems_ltd        	-->	com.mobisystems.msdict.embedded.wireless.oxford.dictionaryofenglish
https://hackerone.com/mobisystems_ltd        	-->	com.mobisystems.office
https://hackerone.com/clario                 	-->	co.clario.android
https://hackerone.com/exodus                 	-->	exodusmovement.exodus
https://hackerone.com/amazonvrp              	-->	com.amazon.mShop.android.shopping
https://hackerone.com/evernote               	-->	com.evernote.android
https://hackerone.com/oppo                   	-->	com.coloros.backuprestore
https://hackerone.com/oppo                   	-->	com.coloros.browser
https://hackerone.com/oppo                   	-->	com.coloros.encryption
https://hackerone.com/oppo                   	-->	com.coloros.findmyphone
https://hackerone.com/oppo                   	-->	com.coloros.findphone.client
https://hackerone.com/oppo                   	-->	com.coloros.findphone.client2
https://hackerone.com/oppo                   	-->	com.coloros.securepay
https://hackerone.com/oppo                   	-->	com.coloros.speechassist
https://hackerone.com/oppo                   	-->	com.heytap.browser
https://hackerone.com/oppo                   	-->	com.heytap.cloud
https://hackerone.com/oppo                   	-->	com.heytap.market
https://hackerone.com/oppo                   	-->	com.heytap.usercenter
https://hackerone.com/oppo                   	-->	com.nearme.atlas
https://hackerone.com/oppo                   	-->	com.nearme.browser
https://hackerone.com/oppo                   	-->	com.nearme.instant.platform
https://hackerone.com/oppo                   	-->	com.nearme.wallet
https://hackerone.com/oppo                   	-->	com.oppo.cloud
https://hackerone.com/oppo                   	-->	com.oppo.market
https://hackerone.com/oppo                   	-->	com.oppo.speechassist
https://hackerone.com/oppo                   	-->	com.oppo.usercenter
https://hackerone.com/shein                  	-->	com.romwe
https://hackerone.com/shein                  	-->	com.zzkko
https://hackerone.com/chime                  	-->	com.onedebit.chime
https://hackerone.com/callsign               	-->	com.callsign.app.android
https://hackerone.com/tiktok                 	-->	com.ss.android.ugc.trill
https://hackerone.com/tiktok                 	-->	com.zhiliaoapp.musically
https://hackerone.com/blockfi                	-->	com.blockfi.mobile
https://hackerone.com/gymshark               	-->	com.gymshark.fitness
https://hackerone.com/gymshark               	-->	com.gymshark.store
https://hackerone.com/stripe                 	-->	com.stripe.android.dashboard
https://hackerone.com/recorded-future        	-->	com.recordedfuture.mobile
https://hackerone.com/clubhouse              	-->	com.clubhouse.android
https://hackerone.com/trendyol               	-->	com.dolap.android
https://hackerone.com/trendyol               	-->	trendyol.com
https://hackerone.com/gojek                  	-->	com.gojek.app
https://hackerone.com/gojek                  	-->	com.gojek.partner
https://hackerone.com/myetherwallet          	-->	mewwallet.android
https://hackerone.com/epam-bbp               	-->	com.epam.connect.android
https://hackerone.com/kraden                 	-->	com.kraden.chat
https://hackerone.com/metamask               	-->	io.metamask
https://hackerone.com/pogo                   	-->	com.pogotech.pogocash
